# Data-Analysis-eLearning-Academy-Final-Project
# Description of the project
Data Analytics eLearning Academy Final Project is a hands-on project completed by myself as the final coursework step of a Data Analytics academy that I participated in. The project involves the application of statistical methods and predictive modeling techniques to analyze and interpret data. It aims to uncover patterns, trends and statistical relationships between the variables within the dataset through running statistical hypothesis tests, and make informed predictions based on the findings. Some of the predictive analysis algorithms that are used incude linear regression and logistic resgression models. In addition, the project will employ data visualization techniques and classification algorithm processes to provide valuable insights and actionable conclusions for the target domain. 

The project files provided are the Data Analysis with R.txt, Data Analysis Report.pdf and the data set.txt. 
In the data set.txt are contained all the data and variables that are used for the data analysis process. 
As about the Data Analysis with R.txt file, it is displayed the snippet of code runned in the RStudio programming interface open-source tool. The code can be used for calculating the main descriptive statistical measures of the dataset variables contained in the data set.txt file, creating insightful data visualization graphs, running statistical hypothesis tests as well aplying predictive analysis and classification algorithms.
Finally, in the Data Analysis Report.pdf file, are provided all the steps which are followed for the statistical analysis to be conducted. 
